Welcome to this course and
thank you for investing in it.
My name is Tim Buchalka, and
I’m the course instructor.
So, I'm assuming you're here because
you want to get Java certified.
That's what this course is all about.
Oracle, the owners of the java
language, and the company who create
the exam that you will ultimately
need to pass to become Java certified,
like messing with you in various ways.
I said exam and not exams because
only very recently have they swapped
back to a single exam to become
Java certified instead of the two
exams you previously needed to pass.
That's a huge bonus for you.
Oracle often use tricky, rarely
used syntax in their exam
questions to try and trip you up.
But don't worry, I've got you back and
we'll be carrying over all that tricky
stuff and the regular stuff you need
to know in order to pass the exam.
We'll be using Java 11 in this
course and not the just-released
Java 15 [as of September 2020
when I’m recording this].
If you don't know why
Java 11 is being used.
I urge you to check out the Why
Java 11 video in this section.
As you can see by the name of
this course, this is Part 2 of
my Java certification courses
for the 1Z0-819 exam.
Why have I got two Java
certification courses?
Well, technically three if
you include the now outdated
Java 8 certification course.
Well, there's a reason for that.
Check out the Courses to
take to get Java certified
video, again in this section.
Now, what's the deal with all these
weird codes Oracle uses anyway?
I'm talking about the 1Z0-819,
1Z0-816, 1Z0-808, etc.
Yes, I've got a video for that.
Check out the which Oracle
exam do I need to take
video, again in this section.
So, you could go and hunt for
all those videos I've just talked
about, or just watch them because
they're coming up, in order,
starting with an overview of what's
in this course, in the next video.